Add meeting notes for 29/4/25 (#5875)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2025-04-29.md

  * Pablo: interested in it, who’s working on it?
  * Aapeli: it’s a big priority after the v1 launch

* What everyone's working on:
  * Nicole: requests marked as in the past/expired now on messages page, notifications feed; addressing bug on mobile chrome - can’t log in on mobile, getting logged out so it’s tough; busy due to visa application
  * Aapeli: busy with policy changes stuff, merged PR for donations stuff; working on donations page where donors can update their recurring donations
  * Laura: working on frontend language (translation) selector; working on persistence when the user exits the selector, some i18n issue
  * Chris: Translate new strings to German, keep roadmap up-to-date - perhaps on weekly basis; quarterly check-in for big changes to roadmap!
  * Rafael: finished host request reminders but there are some errors on ci/cd; continuing to work on it next
  * Colleen: working on communities page; continuing on it (adding some links and making it pretty, adding tests)
  * Pablo: was on vacay, merged a PR for ordering of communities; working on docs for running the backend in a dev container with VS Code, interested in potentially tackling react native app

>   * Alena: working on onboarding and figuring out the codebase, and their ticket; will make a PR and ask Nicole to look at it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Alena: working on onboarding and figuring out the codebase, working on UserSummary ticket together with Kiki; will make a PR and ask Nicole to look at it
```
